RHIDP-2405 : Added the content explaining vulnerabilities, SBOMs, and EC (#72)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/rhdh-plugins-reference/setting-up-openshift-pipelines-to-view-software-supply-chain-security-elements.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

[id="setting-up-openshift-pipelines-to-view-software-supply-chain-security-elements"]

= Setting up OpenShift Pipelines in the web console to view Software Supply Chain Security elements

Use the *Developer* or *Administrator* perspective to create or modify a pipeline and view key Software Supply Chain Security elements within a project.

Set up {pipelines-shortname} to view:

* **Project vulnerabilities**: Visual representation of identified vulnerabilities within a project.

* **Software Bill of Materials (SBOMs)**: Download or view detailed listing of PipelineRun components.

> Additionally, PipelineRuns that meet {tekton-chains} requirement displays signed badges next to their names. This badge indicates that the pipeline run execution results are cryptographically signed and stored securely, for example within an OCI image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, PipelineRuns that meet {tekton-chains} requirement displays signed badge next to their names. This badge indicates that the PipelineRun artifacts are cryptographically signed and stored securely within an OCI registry.
```
